NAME
	tbot

SYNOPSIS
	tbot.py <options>
	tbot.py [--verbose] --config="/path/to/config/file.ini"

DESCRIPTION
	tbot comes from "Trading Bot". However this is a provisional name.

	This a program to do trading operations in exchange platforms, 
	utilizing REST API. This software is currently in development
	stage. The only	supported exchange platforms so far is COINSBIT.

OPTIONS:
	--config	
		Path to the configuration file. Thisis an INI file. 
		See the "CONFIGURATION FILE" section to learn about this file.

	--verbose	
		Outputs information about every action performed by the bot.
		
	--test-data
		The path of a CSV file with test data.
		When this parameter is used the bot will behave in "advice" mode, giving an output 
		of the operation that would be performed for such data, and then it will stop.
		Example:
			--test-data="/path/to/file.csv"
		This is a CSV with a single columns, that has a float number in each line, indicating
		the price.

CONFIGURATION FILE
	The configuration file is an INI file that define the parameters the bot needs
	to operate. Most parameters are mandatory and it is defined as follows:

	owner		(string) The full name of the person that owns the bot.
				Example:
				owner="Elías Trenard García"

	mode		(string) Defines how the bot behaves and the range of his actions.
				This a value from the following list.
				"advice":		The bot just outputs the operation that it would be executed.
								No operation is executed in this mode
								This mode is meant to be a support tool for the human trader.
				
				"automata"		The bot will be self sufficuent and will execute real operations,
								utilicing your credentials.

	workdir		(string) The path of a directory in which the bot will create its
				log files and other necessary files.
				If this directory does not exists the program will output an error
				notifying this.
				Example:
				logdir="/home/username/tbot-dir"

	strategy	(string) The strategy used by the bot to decide which operation must
				be executed. So far there is only one strategy available called 
				"vectorTrend", defined as follows:
				
				"vectorTrend":	This strategy determines the trend with vectors.
								This is an empirical strategy created by the author,
								for development puposes. The author(s) do not take 
								any responsibility for the effect this strategy could 
								have in your assets. Use at your own risk.
	
	tp			(integer) This is the Take Profit parameter. It is a number of PIP's.
				The BUY operation will be closed once the price reaches a value 
				bigger or equal to the entrance price plus the tp.
				The SELL operation will be closed once the price reaches a value 
				smaller or equal to the entrance price plus the tp.
	
	sl			(integer) This is the Stop Loss parameter. It is a number of PIP's.
				The BUY operation will be closed once the price reaches a value 
				smaller or equal to the entrance price plus the tp.
				The SELL operation will be closed once the price reaches a value 
				bigger or equal to the entrance price plus the tp.
	
	lote		(float) The lote indicating the profit.

	platform	(string) The trading plattform or broker.
				So far there is only one possible value:
				"coinsbit.io".

	apikey		(string) The trading plattform API Key.

	apisecret	(string) The trading platform API secret. 

BUGS
	So far this software is in development stage.
	We need to finish it first to so we can have real bugs ;)

AUTOR
	Elías Trenard García eliastrenard@gmail.com